he had lunch with pauling .
what can they do if they find them '' ? ?
the expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
anyway , julia asks me to . ''
still no answer .
if i 'd stayed , all that i 'd have got was four punctured tires and one busted head .
he knew he would never see it again .
`` i think you had better come home '' .
mahzeer 's office '' .
you see , besides being custodian of antiquities , i am also registrar .
`` someday '' , bonner said , `` you 're going to ask us for help .
he would lie in it no more .
you 're not the kind to go violent .
there was nothing to indicate that lauren payne was primitive .
his face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm .
he instructed shirl winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board .
he stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge .
`` well '' ? ?
he studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary .
elaine and poet returned together , popping up over the transom almost like dolphins breaking water .
pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet .
pete frowned slightly , then became sad and moody .
we 've always been so close '' .
indeed , there was a woman who , unasked , had already given him love .
you know where tim is , do n't you , mrs. williams '' ? ?
it was his only sanctuary .
conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench , massaging his right leg .
`` reverse '' , elaine said , then peered through the loop of the rdf and waved to poet .
the clerk was almost hysterical .
her mother and father , for instance .
he came out alone .
speak of dangerous information ! !
so somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room .
the manager of the motel was a woman who apparently did n't care .
it wo n't cost you a cent , phil .
everything shouted gentleman farming , the kind of grandfather-father-to-son folding money the point is known for .
shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her .
i went back to the agency car and got out an electric bug , one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing .
not much to shoot , but there are a few pheasant .
`` all right , you bastards '' , i said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' .
we got a bunch of sippers out there tonight .
if elaine 's uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness , he probably would still be alive .
was it because she had shown panic ? ?
`` i do n't want it '' , sarah said , firmly .
we straightened pops up and i made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat .
you want from me the story , but a story is about ' why ' and then , perhaps , about how .
again he groped for the light switch .
why do n't we drive around the corner '' ? ?
she 'd also remember if the groom died later '' .
mr. crosson 's been on everybody 's neck , an order he expected did n't come through and he 's '' --
